Update messaging-system.md (#181)
Unity-Technologies/com.unity.multiplayer.docs: versioned_docs/version-0.1.0/advanced-topics/messaging-system.md

---
id: messaging-system
title: Messaging System and RPCs

> description: An introduction to PRCs and custom messages in MLAPI

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: An introduction to the messaging system in Unity MLAPI, including RPC's and Custom Messages.
```

---

> The MLAPI has two parts to it's messaging system. Remote Procedure Call (RPC) messages and Custom Messages. Both types have sub types that change their behaviour, functionality and performance.

Reviewer: /docs version has links, so mirroring that new content for here. Make sure to add custom-messaging file to /docs (develop)
```suggestion
The MLAPI has two parts to its messaging system: [RPC messages](about-rpc.md) and [Custom Messages](custom-messages.md). Both types have sub-types that change their behaviour, functionality, and performance.
```

> ## Network Update Loop

Reviewer 2: Not relevant to this PR but as a side note. Network Update Loop is not really related to messaging so we might want to remove it from here.

Author: have removed the Network Update Loop

> See [Network Update Loop](network-update-loop-system/index.md) for information on the update infrastructure.

Reviewer: This was removed in /docs version, should this remain or be removed?

Author: removed ill do it now
